[THEME MUSIC]
>>REGINA MEREDITH: Perhaps the
deepest area of exploration
that any of us will undertake
is the journey into connection
with our own soul force.
Known by many names, there
is no journey more rewarding,
nor more convoluted, than
coming to know thyself.
But in doing so, we
become a free species,
unable to be controlled
by outside forces
and alive with possibility.
Carrie, this is your area.
Carrie L'Esperance
is with us today.
And when I was reading
your book, just
from the very first pages,
I saw this incredibly mature
understanding of what's needed
today, and also of the notion
of what it takes to begin
connecting with soul,
which is my passion as well.
So I have almost
every ear dog paged,
because we're on the
same page, literally.
>>CARRIE L'ESPERANCE:
Wonderful so happy to hear it.
>>REGINA: First of all, I want
to say something that is just
coming up more and more.
And I'm not taking a
swipe at the male species,
but maybe the more masculine way
of functioning in the world--
that most of the books, most
of the religions, almost
everything that's
perpetuated in the world,
is through the male mind,
often generally men.
The reality is that while
the left side of the brain
is pretty good at putting
function together,
structure together,
my personal experience
is that the people who
experience these realities more
naturally are women, or the
feminine aspect of being.
What do you have say about that,
before we even get rolling?
>>L'ESPERANCE: You
know, I've heard this.
But the truth is, what
you're talking about
is basically intuition.
And everyone has intuition.
But it's like a muscle
that has to be exercised.
So men are very trained
to think linearly.
Actually, scientifically
it's proven that women do
have what's called
a thicker corpus
callosum in the brain
that connects the right
and left hemispheres
of the brain.
And that enables women to more
easily bounce back and forth
between linear thinking and
more non-linear thinking.
So they say, yes, women
have this-- more naturally
they have it.
>>REGINA: And multitasking
falls within that, where
you're flipping back and forth.
Oh gosh, I have to do that.
I'm still doing that.
>>L'ESPERANCE: But honestly,
my feeling about it is that
if-- women have been using this
because they've had to use it--
>>REGINA: Indeed.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --to survive--
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>L'ESPERANCE:
--in a man's world.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: The body,
on an evolutionary scale,
would begin to develop
more in that direction.
It's not necessarily that men
don't have the ability to--
>>REGINA: You're right.
We all have it.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --let's say,
grow a thicker corpus callosum.
And I think women have evolved
this way because they've
been allowed to.
>>REGINA: I agree.
And because this has been
societal conditioning
for a few thousand
years, on both sides.
But what I find is--
and it's interesting.
And you're very
good at expression--
personal expression--
and putting language
to the non-physical reality.
But a lot of times
the people that
do experience it
so deeply, and who
I can have these
conversations with,
can't always verbalize it to the
same degree, in a linear sense.
So most of the people I
interview on these topics
are men, is what I'm saying.
>>L'ESPERANCE: OK.
>>REGINA: For that reason.
Because the facility
to experience it
can't exactly be laid into words
the way that we would prefer,
right?
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes, I think--
>>REGINA: And you've done
a pretty darn good job.
I'm just pointing this out,
because it's a conversation
we need to get at.
But it's a conversation
about non-physical realms,
and connecting, and the need to.
And you've done a beautiful job.
So let's take a journey
back into your own life.
And when did you become aware
that this deep connection was
not only available, but
was absolutely necessary?
>>L'ESPERANCE: From
the time I was a child,
I've had this deep
connection with my soul.
From the time I
was very young, I
felt like I was much
older than my body.
And I think that if we
recognize that every soul has
a fingerprint, a unique
fingerprint-- just
like our fingers have
unique fingerprints,
each soul has a
unique fingerprint.
And there are definitely
different levels of souls.
Some are beginner souls.
Some are advanced.
And some are old souls.
And so the journey
in the physical body
is really exactly what it is.
It's a journey.
And every soul comes in to a
physical, third dimensional
reality, with a soul
contract, with something
that you're supposed
to work out.
And the soul knows
what that work is.
That's why it's so important
to connect with the soul.
Because third dimensional
physical reality
is designed for distraction.
There's so many ways people
can get off track in life.
And it's almost as
though it's on purpose.
It's almost as though,
from the time we're young,
we aren't taught about
the deeper realities,
although we know
that they're there,
and we know that they exist.
But we aren't really
supported in learning
about personal power.
And I really believe
that if children
were taught, from a very young
age, about who they really are
and what they really
are capable of,
it would be a very
different world.
>>REGINA: And also, if they
were taught to simply live
in their own true way--
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
>>REGINA: --so that
the parents could even
help in the process
of observation,
to see where they're
naturally gravitating,
then the parents could even
help reinforce these paths
of discovery they're on.
But we don't do that.
We have a plan for our children.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well,
you're a child,
and you come into the
world, and you're put in,
let's say-- like
I was-- catechism.
And you learn that
you're a sinner.
And you learn that you
are to worship that which
is outside of yourself.
You are to seek
what you are looking
for everywhere but within.
And for me, I always thought
everybody else was just
like me.
Because everything
that I did was
from that place, deep within.
And I would see people
getting married at young ages,
or doing all kinds of
things that they had plenty
of time to do, but
they were pressured
by cultural conditioning.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And I would ask
them, well, ask your higher
self.
Go deeper.
Go deeper within.
And that's how you know what's
right and what your path is.
And I've always lived this way.
And my work in the
world has always
been in alignment with, I guess,
the old adage, know thyself.
Know thyself.
Seek to know thyself.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And my path
has been one of observation,
one of experience,
one of research.
And the experience,
I have to say,
is the most powerful teacher.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Life
is the master teacher.
And so for me, I
felt that it was
very important at
this point in my life
to write a book
that helped people
to understand what is really
happening in the world, why
it's happening, and
what we can do about it.
It hasn't been an easy path to
understand or to learn about.
And I also felt like I
was putting myself out
on the line a bit by adding
certain things to the book.
>>REGINA: I understand.
>>L'ESPERANCE:
But I felt that it
was imperative to
add the things that
were more difficult for people
to receive and understand
than not to add them,
because it's a big picture.
And everything is woven
together, like a tapestry.
Anyone who understands life,
and the processes of life,
can see that it's a
hierarchical, planetary design.
In other words, the
seed needs the soil.
The soil needs the rain.
The plant flowers because of
the sunlight and the nurturing
nutrients in the soil.
All these things--
>>REGINA: Released by the rain.
>>L'ESPERANCE: It's
all reciprocal.
Life is reciprocal.
We have to understand
this also about ourselves.
And we have to get away from
the idea that what we want
is not necessarily
what our work is.
>>REGINA: No,
because we're coming
from another aspect of being.
We're usually
coming from what we
call the conscious mind,
which, of course, is
the least conscious
part of our mind--
is our conscious mind, which
also has to do with desire
and a number of other things.
It's also societally
conditioned,
driven by the
subconscious, right?
>>L'ESPERANCE: Very much so.
>>REGINA: So those
kinds of desires
may not be in alignment
with what this has in mind.
And one thing you
say in the book
is, it's kind of surprising
that so few people genuinely
choose to take this journey.
And I find this
surprising as well.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well
like I mentioned
before, I thought everybody
else was just like me.
And it took a long time
for me to understand
that this wasn't the case.
And it's probably the
reason that the world
is standing at this threshold
that we're at right now,
this critical time
that we're in.
And so I named the
book "Soul Breathing."
Because soul breathing is what
you would call whole brain
thinking.
It's connecting the
intellect with the deeper
wisdom of the soul.
And when the two come together,
you have whole brain thinking.
And when you understand
this about yourself,
you begin to recognize that
it's a reciprocal relationship
that you receive, you
cultivate a higher
frequency in your life,
through free will.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>L'ESPERANCE: That
higher frequency in turn
allows the higher frequencies
of energies to come.
And you build upon that higher
frequency, that intelligence
that you're receiving.
So really, alone,
we can do nothing.
Some people think
they are separated
from this higher-- shall
we say, ephemeral energies.
And so I think it's
imperative that people
learn about the invisible
energies that they don't see.
When I wrote my
first book, it was
about getting people
to think about what
happens on the
inside of the body,
rather than being very
focused on the outside.
We all can see when
our hair needs washing.
Or when we're dirty,
we need a shower.
That's very obvious.
But very few people
think about what's
happening on the
inside of the body.
So you detox and you feel great.
And then you realize
how difficult
it is to remain balanced
in an unbalanced world.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And so
what's the next step?
Well, the next step is mine.
And so you begin to understand
and work with the fact
that you do have a brain.
And then there are visible
aspects about thought,
about information,
about frequency.
And then there are
invisible aspects.
And so these things
are very important,
I think, for people
to learn about now--
the invisible energies that
underlie existence, that
make life possible.
The concern, the great concern,
is the unprecedented saturation
of dissonant energies.
>>REGINA: Particularly
with the unprecedented use
of technology.
We're being bombarded
on every level
of our field, every frequency
range that goes into the brain,
with distraction,
disinformation, negativity.
For the most part,
very little of it
is actually positive
reinforcement.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes, yes.
>>REGINA: Anxiety-producing
information, visuals,
sounds et cetera-- and this
is very difficult for people
to break through.
>>L'ESPERANCE: When you
understand the ecstatic states,
and when you experience
the ecstatic states that
are possible in third
dimensional reality,
and you compare it to, let's
for example, what they're
putting on television,
what they're getting away
with putting on television
now, and when you compare it
to the fact that the
technology that's
being marketed at such a
rapid rate today, all you see
is the positive
marketing side of it.
But you won't see,
on the evening news,
how dangerous the technology is.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: And
I object very strongly
to having children being
exposed to this technology.
It is unprecedented.
It is unacceptable.
There is a professor at Lund
University in Sweden, Doctor--
well, he's actually a
professor, Leif Salford.
He made a statement.
And he said, the-- and
this is the key word--
voluntary use of cell phones,
being applied to the brain,
is the largest human
experiment in history.
>>REGINA: Interesting.
>>REGINA MEREDITH:
>>L'ESPERANCE:
Interesting is right.
Because do we really all
want to be guinea pigs?
Is that even legal?
I don't think it's acceptable.
I feel that our generation
has a great responsibility
to educate the children,
to help them to understand
who they really are,
and what they really
are capable of achieving in
life, without the assistance
of-- and I'm just going to say
it-- it's alien technology.
The frequencies that
emanate from this technology
that they're bringing
onto the planet,
so quickly that people barely
can have an opinion about it,
is dissonant energy.
It's the opposite of
life-supportive energies.
It's the energy of the
downward spiral of death.
And so anyone who's
awake, anyone who
has any kind of observatory--
>>REGINA: Well,
discernment, yeah.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --skills would be
able to see that this is going
to be-- the writing on the
wall is getting-- I guess,
if I were to describe
it, you could, I suppose,
say that it's like a
house being on fire,
and everyone is
asleep in the attic.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>L'ESPERANCE: It's
not a casual matter.
>>REGINA: No, it's not.
Our brains are being
entrained to, as you say,
these dissonant frequencies
almost 24/7 now.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well
let's look at the fact
that the pineal
gland in the brain
is shaped like an inner eye.
And we know that
the pineal gland
is the gland that
helps us to connect
with-- it's the bridge
between matter and spirit.
If the pineal gland is right
at the point in the brain
where we put the cell
phone up to the ear,
those dissonant
energies are penetrating
into the brain at the point
where the brain synopsis
are firing rapidly.
And so after a certain amount
of time, that would definitely
begin to, shall we say, cause
spiritual atrophy in the brain.
The pineal gland
also manufactures
melatonin for sleeping.
Many people are finding that
they might think they sleep,
but they don't really wake up
feeling refreshed and restored.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
they're just surfing,
not at a very low level.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
And I think what they're
hoping is that people are going
to get used to feeling
just like a zombie,
and get used to functioning
like maybe a computer.
>>REGINA: Right,
OK, and you also
talk about the pineal
gland in the book
and say it can't differentiate
between light and
electromagnetic waves.
What is the significance
of that statement?
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well the
significance of that statement
is that the body, and
the cells, and the brain
all restore, and refresh,
and renew, and detoxify
during sleep.
So if the body is
not allowed to--
>>REGINA: Go into a genuinely
deep, healing sleep.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Exactly.
If it's not allowed its natural
processes, then what happens?
We become something else.
And we know that these
frequencies have the ability
to alter human DNA.
This has been proven.
And so where is the impetus
coming from for this dance
that we're in, with all
these stray energies?
These stray energies
are unregulated.
They are not regulated.
We know that they're slowly
turning up the signal.
And I know this, because
I live in San Francisco.
And even though I don't
subscribe to WiFi,
my apartment is
saturated with it.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>L'ESPERANCE: I can't
get away from it.
>>REGINA: Can't
>>L'ESPERANCE:
It's not a choice.
We don't have free
choice anymore.
>>REGINA: No.
>>L'ESPERANCE: So
this, in itself-- just
that, by itself--
is very concerning.
And I have no-- and when
they first turned it on,
I didn't have a great
signal in my apartment.
And now it's at 99%.
And I'm like, OK, so this
is similar to the story
when you put the
frog in the pan.
And the frog doesn't--
you turn the heat on--
>>REGINA: Boiling pot.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --and
the frog doesn't
realize it's being cooked.
>>REGINA: Yeah, yeah.
>>L'ESPERANCE: So I
look at it like that.
I see it as frying
the energy frequency
of our natural balance,
so that we no longer
can maintain homeostasis.
>>REGINA: So let's talk
about brain frequency
specifically then.
In the book you
say we operate best
between 72 and 90 megahertz.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
>>REGINA: So what's
actually happening to us?
For those who can map the
brain, where, as a society, do
we tend to be going now?
What megahertz rage range
are we often operating
in at large-- a mean?
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well,
it's easier to give you
a description of
that if you look
at how scientists measure the
cycles per minute in the brain.
And basically, the beta state
is that is the lowest state
that the brain can operate in.
It's also the state that
is not-- it's more robotic.
It seeks distraction.
The beta state is not
conductive to higher learning.
The beta state is the most
common state that all--
>>REGINA: You mean the
13 to 18 hertz range?
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Kind of where
we're running around
and do our busy work.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
So the beta state
is also the state
that we can most
easily become ill.
It's the lowest functioning
state of the mind.
The majority of people operate--
>>REGINA: Are in beta
most of the time.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --are in
beta most of the time.
>>REGINA: Second you wake up
to an alarm you're in beta.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes, yes.
So if we go-- let's say we're
at the lowest point now.
Our goal is to exceed that.
Our goal is to
excel beyond that.
The way that we are going
to evolve, as a society,
is not through technology.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: The way that
we are going to evolve,
as a society, is
through cultivating
higher consciousness, through
cultivating higher frequencies.
When you cultivate
a higher frequency,
it creates what's
called a frequency key.
What is a frequency?
Well a frequency is energy.
And what is energy?
Energy is information.
So this is how we evolve.
I wonder how many
people know that people
like Henry Ford
and Thomas Edison
had very little
formal schooling.
Neither graduated
from even high school.
And so what does this tell us?
This tells us-- where does
intelligence really come from?
>>REGINA: Yes, well it
comes from that higher
aspect of being.
You can call it soul,
true self, whatever.
It's around us.
We're imbued with it.
But we can't reach.
And we can reach into it-- most
people cannot reach into it.
And these people
had this ability,
this fluidity between those
fields, to freely tap in.
>>L'ESPERANCE: See, I really
believe that we can reach it.
>>REGINA: I believe we
can too, with practice.
And they've done-- the nice
thing about-- one thing
about technology is the
notion of brain mapping,
some of the advanced
neurofeedback devices,
and so forth, because they
do reflect information.
And they've put monks
that have attained
fairly high levels
of meditative status,
and can move freely between the
soul and the conscious mind.
And these guys are operating at
50-55 hertz frequencies, right?
Yes.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well actually--
>>REGINA: Gamma range.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --the
slower the brain wave is,
the higher the frequency.
>>REGINA: Yes, there's
the whole delta thing,
going down into delta.
But there's also the
same thing going up,
beyond beta, both ways.
They operate very proficiently
in gamma and all the way
down into, of course, theta,
and then some in waking delta.
So we can do these things.
>>L'ESPERANCE: We can.
It's a--
>>REGINA: But we're just
stuck in that 13 to 18
or 20 monkey mind thing.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
It's a matter of cultivating it.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>L'ESPERANCE: It's
not handed to us.
>>REGINA: No.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And this is
another aspect of free will.
We decide what we focus on.
We decide how we're
going to spend
the dollars in our wallets.
We decide how we're
going to use our time.
And we decide how we're
going to use our minds.
And it has everything to do
with how we use our minds.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: So now
we've got it down.
We've got the body down.
We've got a billion-dollar
detox movement out there.
And god bless humanity.
They took the ball
and ran with it.
And good work.
And now it's time to
take the next step
and recognize the
power of consciousness.
Consciousness is the
most-- it's the greatest
power in the universe.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
It transcends everything
else on this plane.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
>>REGINA: It heals instantly.
It does-- it's the one
responsible for the miracles
in life.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
So this is another
reason it's so
concerning that people
are being so encouraged
to be distracted
by the technology
and to have their heads buried
in these things all day long.
>>REGINA: These devices.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And
the young people
are being raised in
a way that is totally
foreign to any other
generation in history,
in the history of
human existence.
>>REGINA: It's true.
And we are causing this type
of damage to the human being,
to our biofield, to
our brains, et cetera.
But you have an
interesting story
or two in the book about these
things aren't irreversible.
Because again, once you have
this consciousness that can
start passing on through
your direct access to it--
whether it's
meditation or what--
passing on these
streams of information,
you can heal even
some theoretically--
some situations which
theoretically cannot be
touched, you would think,
even with technology.
Let's talk about healing
of the brain, for example,
in one example you
use in the book.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes, so we were
of the understanding-- people
who do healing work and
scientists-- that once
the brain cells are destroyed,
that they can't be replaced,
that they don't rejuvenate.
And I was given a
very powerful example
that yes, the brain does
have the ability to heal.
Through my work with iridology.
I am a certified iridologist.
And I find the brain area
fascinating, and the eye.
The eye is set up like a clock.
So noon would be at the top,
which is the brain area.
Six o'clock would be the limbs.
And the right and the
left sides correlate
with the right and left
sides of the organs.
And so it's a
fascinating tricky way--
it's a non-invasive
way to look at what--
>>REGINA: It's a
beautiful, ancient science.
>>L'ESPERANCE: It is a
very, very useful science.
And so I had a-- I think
it was 2011, or 2014-- no,
it was 2011.
A young man came to
me, about 19 years old.
His father actually brought him
to me for an iridology reading.
Because he was having a
very difficult time working.
He couldn't work.
He was very dizzy.
And he was very disoriented.
And he just wasn't
able to function.
And that, for a 19-year-old,
is very concerning.
He's got his whole
life ahead of him.
I took a look in
the iris of the eye.
And I was so shocked
at what I saw.
I saw basically
what's called-- it's
a degenerative black lacuna,
which is-- when it's black,
that means that the material,
or the cellular structure
of the tissue, is
very degenerated.
It's basically non-functional.
>>REGINA: In what area?
>>L'ESPERANCE: It was on the
right-hand-side of his brain,
where he uses his cell phone.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And so I
tried to stay very calm.
And I gave him some
simple instructions.
And it involved
improving his nutrition,
and only using his cell
phone for emergencies,
and also not putting
it to his head.
>>REGINA: Only on
speaker mode, yeah.
>>L'ESPERANCE: On speaker mode.
And he was not happy
with my advice.
But he followed.
And he came to see
me six months later.
And I looked in the brain area
of the eye, of the lacuna.
And it had healing signs in it.
And I was euphoric.
It was one of the best moments
of my life, was the hope
that-- and the proof
that-- if given a chance,
that the brain can heal itself.
>>REGINA: And there
are other-- there
are ancient technologies
in addition to his--
he followed your advice.
He got the bad stuff away.
But there are also little tools.
And this might seem
like a non sequitur,
but I wanted to jump into it.
Because you wrote about it
in the book at this point.
And it has to do with a
substance called shungite.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Is that what
it's called, shungite?
>>L'ESPERANCE: Shungite, yes.
>>REGINA: Let's talk about it.
>>L'ESPERANCE: OK.
We have these issues
with dissonant energy.
It seems like we can't get
away from it, at the moment.
It doesn't mean that
it can't change.
We created the problem.
We can solve the problems.
So until we can solve the
problem of the dissonant energy
issue, we have to learn of
ways to protect ourselves.
This necklace that I
have on right now--
>>REGINA: I assume
that must be it.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --is shungite.
>>REGINA: Yeah, shungite.
>>L'ESPERANCE: It's a mineral.
It's a mineral that's
found, at the moment,
at only one place
in the whole world,
in the Karelia
section of Russia.
And shungite is
the only mineral--
it was found to neutralize
electromagnetic frequencies.
What it does-- it
has the ability
to transform a left torsion
field to a right torsion field.
So a left torsion
field-- a torsion field
is a-- it's an
electromagnetic-- if you imagine
the spiral of DNA, that's
what a torsion field is,
with the change that
it is electromagnetic,
rather than genetic.
A left torsion field is the
downward spiral of death.
It's the dehydrating
frequency of death.
That's what a left
torsion field is.
A right torsion field
is the upward spiral
of higher frequency, the
higher frequency of life.
So shungite does
have the ability
to neutralize it
and never pick up
the frequency of the
electromagnetic energetic
frequencies.
So--
>>REGINA: How was
this discovered?
Who discovered this?
And I'd like to know
your own experience,
now that you've been wearing it.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well shungite
was discovered in Paris
by a geobiologist
named Regina Martino.
She was given the
stone by, I believe,
someone who was familiar with
the healing aspects of it.
She was given the stone.
And many experiments
were done on it.
And her book, "Shungite,"
is full of graphs,
and full of information--
the scientific information
that she did on shungite
to prove her work.
So I was fortunate.
Because I felt that
I was going to have
to move out of San Francisco.
This was my home of 30 years.
And I was sent the book called
"Shungite" by Regina Martino,
by my publisher.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>L'ESPERANCE: So
you see, here they're
working with me on my book.
And they're sending
me the information
that I need further.
>>REGINA: From hers.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Exactly.
So you see how
life is reciprocal.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And we
earn what we receive.
We receive the
information that we're
supposed to receive, for
our work, for the work.
>>REGINA: So how did you feel?
What did you experience once
you had this in your field?
>>L'ESPERANCE: I felt that
it helped me tremendously
with the pain that I was feeling
in my actual brain, when they
first turned on the signal.
They turned on a citywide
signal in San Francisco
on New Year's Day of 2014.
And they WiFi'd
Market Street, which
is near to where my apartment
is, for several miles,
straight down to the water.
>>REGINA: Wow, I
didn't know about this.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
And when this happened,
I felt as though my aura
was being shattered.
And I began to-- I began to have
pain, real pain, in my brain,
like I had never had before.
And I also was having trouble
remembering my dreams.
I had a very active dream life.
And I began to
realize that I wasn't
able to have that as a
tool, as fully in my life,
as I did before.
So all these things are
a process of experience,
of learning, a cause and effect,
the effect behind the cause.
>>REGINA: So you're here.
You're going through.
You feel like your
aura's shattered.
Your brain is shattered.
And you come in contact with
this through the publisher.
What happened?
>>L'ESPERANCE: Oh,
after I read the book,
I sought out the shungite.
And I did order shungite
from the author of the book
in Paris.
And so the healing
necklace came.
There was something
for my-- there
was a disk for the cell phone.
There was a disk
for the computer.
And I felt like I was able
to balance out more with it.
And it helped with the pain.
And that was good.
And I just felt that it also
helped me to-- at night,
when I sleep, if I
can't get to sleep,
because I feel like I have such
erratic energy around my head,
from the WiFi--
>>REGINA: From the
WiFi and everything.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --I
take the necklace
and I put it right here.
And I fall asleep
in about 10 minutes.
>>REGINA: Oh, that's good.
So it really does seem to help.
>>L'ESPERANCE: It
does seem to help.
However, the signal
is increasing.
So as the signal
has increased, I've
had to get more
shungite around my bed.
And I've had to arm up--
>>REGINA: Right, right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --suit up.
And--
>>REGINA: To deal with it.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Thank god
we have these beautiful--
>>REGINA: Right.
And these technologies,
such as this and others,
have-- they were known
in ancient times.
We didn't trash our
brain voluntarily
and disrespect ourselves the
way we did, the way we do now.
And there was one
example in your book
that I found interesting, which
was a thawed out man, about
5,000 years old, who
had been suspended,
who had this tattoo
strategically placed.
And you're saying
that that tattoo
was for a very specific use.
It was a type of
technology of the day.
Let's talk about that.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
In the 5000-year-old--
I guess it was a mummy,
the mummy named
Otzi-- he had tattoos
over his arthritic joints,
the areas of his body
where it was found that
his bones were arthritic.
And this segues into the
science of BioGeometry
that Dr. Ibrahim Karim of Egypt
has developed BioSignatures
and ways of creating energy
frequencies with art and design
work.
So these are other
ways that we can
begin to incorporate healing
frequencies, to counter
the dissonant frequencies.
And it's imperative
that companies
begin to apply these ways.
We can make technology safer.
There's no reason why it
should be so destructive.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
So now this sets us onto-- let's
go back to consciousness, away
from these healing technologies.
And one of the
statements you make
in this book, which is
interesting-- you say,
people have been misled to
create their own reality.
And from there we're going
to go into the processes,
through the principles you
talk about-- universal mind,
and so forth-- of coming
into connection with self.
And it's different for
everybody, of course.
I mean, creating our
own reality is virtually
a mantra in the
New Age community.
So let's look at your take on
creating one's own reality.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well to look at
what's happening in the world
right now, in regard to
creating your own reality,
you have to take into account
the different types of ego
that we work with.
In my work, I have
studied that there
are the pure ego-- we
have the pure ego, which
is the part of the ego
that knows that it exists.
It's the pure consciousness.
It's the part of the ego that
actually lives beyond the body.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And then
you have the intellect.
The intellect functions
on a more linear level.
And the intellect is
very closely connected
with what's called the false
ego-- or the dispirited ego
is probably a better
way to describe it.
So the dispirited or
false ego, we see,
plays very much a part
of influencing people
into believing that they
create their own "reality."
In fact, reality is created by
universal law, by natural law,
by the invisible energies
that underpin existence.
We create our own
reality, either
working-- there's two ways
to create your own reality.
You can either create
your own reality
by connecting the intellect
with the soul, the higher
self of the soul.
And you can create
your own reality
by choosing to align with spirit
and do the work of spirit.
>>REGINA: And you create
your own reality by default
by doing neither of the above.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
Or you create your own
reality by really believing
that you create your
own reality and not
taking universal law, cosmic
mind into the equation,
and believe that--
I'm going to give you
a perfect example of what we're
doing right now with creating
our own reality.
We are using the false ego
to create our own reality.
I was having lunch one day.
I overheard a lady
and a gentleman.
And she had just taken
one of these classes
about creating your own reality.
And she started talking
to her companion
about how her uncle
had-- was so wealthy.
And he was so old.
And she was so poor.
And her idea of
creating her own reality
was to encourage
her uncle to pass
so that she could have the--
>>REGINA: Inheritance.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --the
wealth, the inheritance.
And when I heard that, I
just thought, how awful.
What an awful reality is that?
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Because
you're creating
a frequency, a
dissonant frequency,
not only for yourself, by
wishing that for yourself,
but for wishing that
for someone else.
>>REGINA: Exactly, yeah
>>L'ESPERANCE: And that that's
the simplest way that I can--
>>REGINA: Well, it's the lowest
aspect of egoic function.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes, and
so look, let's make sure
that what we're saying, when
we say that we're creating
our own reality, that
what we're saying
is that we're not attempting
to override the higher
intelligence that
underlies existence.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
So now let's get into
soul Breathing itself
and some of the ways
in which-- let's
start at really basic entry
points, where people can say,
it's true.
I really need to make a
conscious effort and practice
of connecting to self.
Because A, it can easily
perform miracles on your behalf.
They're not miracles.
It's just doing what
it's already designed
to do, without encumbrance.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
>>REGINA: And B, you can
have a much clearer idea
of where your energies, and
talents, and skills should
be placed, in any
given incarnation.
>>L'ESPERANCE:
Yes, I mean when we
are able to-- all the
advanced masters will tell you
that it's not them that creates
the, quote, unquote, miracle.
It's the higher
aspect of the self.
It's the surrendering
of the self.
>>REGINA: To its
own higher aspect.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
And so this is a
humbling experience.
This is probably
the greatest gift
that anyone could
be given in life,
is to connect with this
deep, high master within.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: It exceeds
any monetary number
that we could place
upon any material item.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And the
reason is because once you
begin to resonate
with your soul self,
money becomes
almost unnecessary.
Because you're taken care of.
You're carried.
You're carried in a higher way.
Things begin to become more
harmoniously patterned.
And the downward spiral
of depression and illness,
confusion, war, destruction--
they don't enter
into the equation anymore.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Because
you're incapable-- addiction.
Ah, when you reach
a certain frequency,
you can't be addicted.
You cannot get to a higher
frequency if you're addicted.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: It
doesn't allow--
it keeps you in a
certain frequency,
and doesn't allow you to evolve.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>L'ESPERANCE: To advance.
>>REGINA: And there
are many forces that,
whether it's intentional
or not, keep us
from taking this step into
companionship with ourselves,
not the least of which
are those charged
with our spiritual development.
I know that you, as
Barbara Hand Clow has
done in her recent
work of fiction,
do talk about the effects.
What do you call it?
The sorcerers.
The sorcerers out of the
Vatican and what they do
in their planetary influence.
And let's talk about
that for a moment.
Barbara's written one
and is in the process
of writing another book
about-- it's a work of fiction,
but it's telling the
true facts and principles
about what is going on in those
realms with the Vatican church
and how it's expressing
in the world.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well it's
a very delicate subject
for many people.
>>REGINA: It is.
>>L'ESPERANCE: But
I think that when
you consider that there is no
other country in the world that
doesn't have to pay
taxes, or is not audited,
you connect that with the
IRS, you see the connection,
you connect it with the banks,
you connect it with the world
financial systems that
we have in place now,
and you just begin to realize
that there's something
not quite right about it!
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And so
it's OK to recognize
that you're being bamboozled.
And the illusion of
what has been created
through the centuries have
basically-- it's a form of mind
control, is what it is.
And then you have the people
who insist that religion is
hallowed ground, that
it cannot be questioned,
that it cannot be talked
about in a way that is honest.
It's not acceptable to do it.
And so when you begin
to understand more,
you become more conscious.
You begin to recognize and
you begin to see everything
for exactly what it is.
And I really feel
that people are
being led away from the
inner religious experience--
>>REGINA: I believe so.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --the spontaneous
experience that it is.
Each journey is unique.
And there shouldn't be anyone
who interferes with that.
There are no intermediaries
between you and your soul.
>>REGINA: Absolutely not.
And yet everything
seems to intervene.
So, let's-- or interfere--
more so interfere.
So let's take our remaining
time and talk about some
of the ways in which
you suggest to people
they can begin this process.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well when you
consider the fact that most
people spend more time with
self-maintenance, let's say,
than they do on cultivating
their connection
to their own soul, or
they spend much more time
watching television,
or maybe they
spend much more time
on their iPhone,
we can see right now that
we have a lot of work to do.
We have to shift our focus.
If we're going to pull the
bow up out of the water
and save the ship, we have
to alter what we're creating.
We have to recognize that
we have a lot more to learn
about the invisible energies
that support life, that
are being severely affected
by what we're creating.
And I think if people
really understood
how energy worked,
how frequency works,
how we have the ability to
go beyond every problem that
has been presented
to us on the planet--
if they understood
the value of it,
I think maybe people might
recognize how important it
is to cultivate self-mastery.
>>REGINA: And again,
I think your book
makes a very good argument
for the need to do that.
We absolutely must do that.
That is the salvation
of the beauty,
and potential future beauty,
of life on Earth, period.
There isn't anything else.
>>L'ESPERANCE: That's
our only way out.
>>REGINA: It's the only way
out of this consciousness.
>>L'ESPERANCE: That's
our only way through.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Every advanced
master has always taught
self-mastery--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --never that
you go-- you're never between--
>>REGINA: Never
turning to externals.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --turning
to external ways,
never turning to a priest, or
a guru, or a supposed master.
Someone who calls him
or herself a master
would never do that
if they understood
what self-mastery really was.
Self-mastery is
what Jesus taught.
That's why he was
taken off the planet.
He was dealt with by the
dispirited and the false ego
in its most dangerous
and sad form.
So when you come
to planet Earth,
and you begin to
teach self-mastery,
what you're really teaching
is self-empowerment.
>>REGINA: Don't need
any middle men or women.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Well, look.
We see by simply looking at
the culture, the world culture,
they are not
interested in helping
people find their power.
>>REGINA: No.
>>L'ESPERANCE: They would
rather remain in power.
>>REGINA: Right, exactly.
And so it's up to us.
It's up to authors like you.
It's up to all people
who are choosing
to put the message that this
journey has dire consequences.
To not take this journey
has dire consequences.
And I like the
fact that you spend
the bulk of your book
really looking at-- you
do have exercises in there.
But in truth, there are many,
many different ways for one
to find their path, right?
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes, and
it's a personal path.
No one can really tell you
how to find self-mastery.
Self-mastery is
whole brain thinking.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>L'ESPERANCE: And
if you understand
that your intellect is linear,
your soul or your higher self
is non-linear, the
two work together,
every great power in the
universe has polarity to it.
Polarities are meant to
work together, in harmony.
>>REGINA: Yes, exactly.
They're not meant
to fight each other.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Polarity's different
than polarization, absolutely.
>>L'ESPERANCE: So without
polarity, life would not exist.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
Male, female-- there would be
nothing within the universe.
>>L'ESPERANCE: So let's
imagine that we're only
working with the intellect.
That's a partial equation.
We're working with
a partial equation.
We want to create
a whole equation
of balance and harmony.
The way that that's done
is whole brain thinking.
And that's the path
to self-mastery.
>>REGINA: Absolutely, any
which way a person can find it.
But number one, it seems to me
it always starts in one place.
Just like when you read your
book, the points you make,
and arguments you
make for this needing
to be our top priority now, for
one-- top priority especially
in the education
of young children
by family, by-- even there are
some systems that might even
create that, but
mostly by family--
is that we start
in simple places.
There are very simple
places to begin.
A, choice.
We're making a choice--
>>L'ESPERANCE: Free will.
>>REGINA: Yes, we're
using our free will.
And will has meaning
to make a choice
that this is our path
now, and that we're
going to spend some time each
day in reading one of the 1,000
books toward
self-mastery, right--
some better than others.
Or by simply honoring
simple principles inside,
like maybe start
with just compassion.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Simple things--
beauty, generosity, peace.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes,
the fruits of spirit.
>>REGINA: Exactly.
>>L'ESPERANCE: I'll tell
you a quick little story.
>>REGINA: Yes?
>>L'ESPERANCE: I recently
explained to a friend of mine
how I found the healing
retreat that I do work at.
And it is that a lavender
and white colored dragonfly
appeared in the window
of a realtor's office.
And I would have never
gone in had it not
been for that dragonfly.
Because it was a hot summer day.
And I said to myself,
that dragonfly is going
to die if I don't get it out.
I went inside.
I would have never gone.
And when I told that story
to my friend, he said,
I have to be more open.
I have to be more open to
these little, subtle, spiritual
signals in my life.
And you know, sometimes that's
all it is, is just opening--
>>REGINA: Is just that, exactly.
>>L'ESPERANCE: --opening your
mind, opening your heart,
recognizing that life is a
miraculously, extraordinarily,
intelligent teacher.
>>REGINA: It is.
And sometimes it's the dragonfly
experience that gives you--
and what comes from that--
that gives that little point
of validation.
And if people are
paying attention,
they'll start seeing that
there's validation everywhere.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Yes.
>>REGINA: Because we, as a
species, need that reassurance.
We need validation.
But the point is, it's around.
It's everywhere, if we
just step on the path.
>>L'ESPERANCE: That is a
beautiful way to say it.
>>REGINA: Well, on that
note, we're out of time.
And it's been lovely
having you here.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Thank you.
>>REGINA: Tell me what
your website is again.
>>L'ESPERANCE:
carrielesperance.com.
>>REGINA: OK, easier now.
OK, very good, Carrie.
All right, thank you so much.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Thank you.
>>REGINA: And thank
you for the wisdom
to have tracked this subject all
the way out, through the years.
>>L'ESPERANCE: Oh my gosh.
>>REGINA: And writing
your beautiful book,
"Soul Breathing."
>>L'ESPERANCE: Thank you
so much for having me.
And thank you so
much for recognizing
the importance of the work.
>>REGINA: Oh, like
I said at the top,
we're on all the same pages.
>>L'ESPERANCE:
Thank you so much.
>>REGINA: It's delightful to
have such a rich conversation
about the nature of
our consciousness.
And to go deeper into the
topic, complete with exercises,
you can pick up a copy
of "Soul Breathing"
at major booksellers.
Until next time, thank you
for joining us here on Gaia.
[THEME MUSIC]